.\"Modified from man(2) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.Dd  30/11/25
.Dt bcards 1
.Os Darwin
.Sh NAME
.Nm bcards
,
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.Nm BashCards
.Nd flashcards in the command line
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl sfh
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is flashcards tool for personal revision.
It also provides users with a way of fomatting .txt files to make their own flashcards.
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Differs from above in tag removed
.It Fl f, --file-path                 \"-a flag as a list item
Prints the current file path of your deck save location.
.It Fl s, --set-flag
Sets the deck save location to the working directory.
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1A
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width "/Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name" -compact
.It Pa ~/.config/bashcards/decksavelocation
Contains the name of the directory where bcards will look for downloaded decks.
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Sh SEE ALSO
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr https://github.com/quaver12/BashCards

.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
.
